== eschaton => google maps on rails for humans

Helps with writing google map mashups in Rails bringing together the Bodacity(measure of bodaciousness) of 
Google Maps and Rails. If you have an issue please feed-it-back on Github issues[http://github.com/yawningman/eschaton/issues]

<b>If you find the plugin useful and wish to donate something, please donate the equivalent in money or your time to your local charities, plant
a tree that is indigenous to your area or lend your support to people who truly need it.</b>

Enough talk, lets code!

  map = Google::Map.new(:center => {:latitude => -33.947, :longitude => 18.462},
                        :controls => [:large_map_3D, :map_type])
  
  # A simple map click
  map.click do |script, location|
    marker = map.add_marker :location => location
    marker.open_info_window :text => 'Awesome, you added a marker!'
  end

...

  # Create a satellite map, zoomed at 16.
  map = Google::Map.new(:controls => [:small_map, :map_type],
                        :type => :satellite, :zoom => 16)

  # Collect some markers 
  markers = [[-34.2023, 18.3794], [-34.2029, 18.3797], [-34.2022, 18.3811], 
             [-34.2016, 18.3829], [-34.2006, 18.3849]].collect do |location|
               map.add_marker :location => location
            end

  # ... and draw a line in between them
  map.add_line :between_markers => markers, :tooltip => {:text => "Short Hike I do everyday with my dog"}

...
  
  # Draw a polygon, yellow with a green border ..
  map.add_polygon :vertices => [[-34.2023, 18.3794], [-34.2029, 18.3797], [-34.2022, 18.3811]], 
                  :fill_colour => 'yellow', :border_colour => 'green'  

...
  
  # A draggable marker that talks when its being dragged and dropped
  marker = map.add_marker :location => {:latitude => -33.947, :longitude => 18.462},
                          :tooltip => {:text => "Drag me", :show => :always},
                          :draggable => true

  marker.when_being_dragged do
    marker.update_tooltip :text => "Dragging..."
  end

  marker.when_dropped do |script, drop_location|
    marker.update_tooltip :text => "Dropped..."
    marker.open_info_window :text => "Yes, I was getting tired of flying..."
  end

Say you want to show your friends how you would hop across a crater on Mars.
We also want to include the google search bar, incase we want to sight see whilst on Mars.

  map = Google::Map.new(:controls => [:small_map, :map_type], :type => :mars_elevation,
                        :zoom => 6)

  map.enable_google_bar! # For sight seeing

  hops = [[-0.252, 14.414], [-0.977, 15.446], [-1.735, 16.094],
          [-2.679, 16.171], [-4.346, 16.600], [-4.598, 17.116],
          [-6.271, 19.379]]

  hops.each do |location|                  
    tooltip_text = if location == hops.first
                     'Start here!'
                   elsif location == hops.last
                     'End here!'
                   else
                     'Hop'
                   end

    marker = map.add_marker :location => location, :tooltip => {:text => tooltip_text, :show => :always}
    marker.click do
      marker.open_info_window :text => "Its really hot in this crater!"
    end
  end

Both Hashes and Arrays can represent a Location, so use which ever form you prefer.

  {:latitude => -33.947, :longitude => 18.462} == [-33.947, 18.462]

Checkout the online[http://rdoc.info/projects/yawningman/eschaton] docs for more general samples.

== Get it...

  $ script/plugin install git://github.com/yawningman/eschaton.git

== Get going...

Generate a map, look at the files the generator created and play a bit.

  $ script/generate map

Visit the map at http://localhost:3000/map or wherever your server runs.

Generate and review the docs, put some test code in the <b><i>app/helpers/map_helper.rb</i></b> and *_play_*!
  $ cd vendor/plugins/eschaton/
  $ rake rdoc
  $ rake open_doc
